this is what I use most of the time as
to Juno 106 it's like very versatile
synthesizer and then to ms-20 mini and
it's exactly like the old ms-20 but it's
um but it takes MIDI which is good and
then this is based on the line online
drum machine I mainly collect like
techno and throwing music I guess it's
important for me to be authentic and
genuine especially when it comes to
lyrics otherwise when I perform the song
or that's in the studio or playing it
live very easy to see if you know for
other people maybe they won't believe it
so it's important for me to be singing
about something but I truly believe
I was actually expecting a full on
techno show but I was really surprised
and like Ben was really tight the
performance is awesome and Scott swag
onstage is great